# Information
- Date: 2021-04-20
- Time: 18:00
- Expense: $0.00
	- Ground Instruction: $0.00
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 0.0
	- Flight Instruction: $0.00
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 0.0
	- Plane Rental: $0.00
		- Rate: $138.00
		- Time: 0.0
- Aircraft:
	- Category: 
	- Classification: 
	- Make: 
	- Model: 
	- Serial: 
	- Identification: 
	- Hobbs: 
		- In: 
		- Out: 
	- Tach: 
		- In: 
		- Out: 
- Points of Departure and Arrival:
	- From: KJEF
	- To: KJEF
- Weather:
	- [Official](http://aviationwxchartsarchive.com/product/metar):
		- METAR: 
			```
			KJEF 201553Z 35007KT 3/4SM -SN BR FEW005 OVC010 01/M01 A3016 RMK AO2 SLP207 P0003 T00111011
			KJEF 201625Z 34005KT 3/4SM -SN BR SCT007 OVC013 01/M01 A3016 RMK AO2 P0001 T00111011
			KJEF 201653Z 34006KT 1 3/4SM -SN BKN007 OVC014 02/M01 A3017 RMK AO2 SLP210 P0003 T00171011
			```
	- [Observed](https://www.wunderground.com/history/daily/us/mo/columbia/KJEF/):
		- Wind: 7kts from 350
		- Clouds: Broken at 7000'
		- Precipitation: Snow
		- Temperature: 34
		- Humidity: 81
		- Dew Point: 36
		- Pressure: 30.17
		- Visibility: .75smi
- Covered:
	- N/A
# Lesson Review
**I'm a planner.**<br />
I show up early; I'm generally prepared for what is coming; and I usually end up with what I want - even if it takes me a bit longer to get it. In most situations, being the way I am works for me.<br />
I've applied this method to scheduling my flight lessons as well. I look ahead at all of the forecasts in the various weather applications, choose the most favorable days and times and get my request submitted early.<br />
<br />
Pretty solid plan, yeah?<br />
<br />
*Yeah, I would think so as well.*<br />
<br />
**Well, reader - we're both wrong.**<br />
I've learned that this just doesn't work. The weather has prevented me from getting off the ground for 4 of the 6 lessons I've scheduled.  Some quick math tells me that is a 33% success rate.<br />
Today's meteorologic surprise was snow, of all things. I mean - come on...*snow*? All I'm asking for is an hour or so of decent enough weather to fly around a bit - it doesn't seem like much to ask for.<br />
<br />
In order to still be productive, I'll spend my planned flight time taking yet another FAA Practice Exam. At least the chances of my  preparedness actually paying off are higher for the written exam.

> **Note:** I know that the weather information provided doesn't line up with the scheduled time - but even though the precipitation is meant to stop ahead of the time slot, the ceiling is going to be between 2000' and 3000', and we're not sure what the runway conditions will be. Probably not conducive to learning how to land a plane.

# Last Thoughts
If you're going to try to learn to fly, don't try do it in the Midwest.