# Information
- Date: 2021-08-11
- Time: 07:00
- Expense: $0.00
	- Ground Instruction: $0.00
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 0.0
	- Flight Instruction: $0.00
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 0.0
	- Plane Rental: $0.00
		- Rate: $138.00
		- Time: 0.0
	- Tax: $0.00
- Aircraft:
	- Category: Airplane
	- Classification: Single Engine Land
	- Make: Piper
	- Model: Cherokee Warrior II (PA-28-161)
	- Identification: N8222F
	- Hobbs: 
		- Start: 6161.2
		- Stop: 6162.2
	- Tach: 
		- Start: 2304.2
		- Stop: 2305.1
- Points of Departure, En Route and Arrival:
	- From: KJEF
	- Via: KFTT
	- To: KJEF
- Weather:
	- [Official](http://aviationwxchartsarchive.com/product/metar):
		- METAR: 
			```
			KJEF 111253Z 21007G15KT 10SM CLR 27/21 A2995 RMK AO2 SLP126 T02670206
			KJEF 111353Z 22010G19KT 10SM CLR 28/21 A2994 RMK AO2 SLP122 T02830211
			KJEF 111453Z 22011G24KT 10SM CLR 31/21 A2994 RMK AO2 SLP122 T03060211 58004
			```
- Covered:
	- Pattern Entry/Exit Procedures
# Lesson Review
I started the morning with a quick solo, pulling a few Touch-and-Gos before hopping back into the plane for my lesson. There was a 5 knot crosswind almost exactly 90° across the runway, so a few of the landings were a bit rough, but I needed the crosswind correction practice, so I kept at it until the wind crept up to about 7 knots.<br />
For the actual lesson, my CFI wanted me to spend a bit more time at and around other airports, so we headed to an airport just to the north east, KFTT.

I've been to KFTT before, but I've never been very good at "seeing the pattern" around a runway, so my CFI had me overfly the field, then manuever for a 45° entry into the downwind.  Of course, I messed it up and ended up on the upwind, which is technically fine, but not what I wasted to do.  I definitely need some more practice with that.

We were going to head to another airport (H79), but the winds aloft were at almost 50kts, so we decided to head back toward home, where I ended up landing on the crosswind runway, 27.
# Last Thoughts
My second solo went pretty well - even with the crosswind. The lesson, however, was a little frustrating.  I just couldn't picture the pattern around KFTT - as simple as the airport is. I *have* to get better at this, because it is a massive part of aviation and visiting other airports is one of the points of my journey.
# Recap Data
- [ForeFlight Log Entry](https://plan.foreflight.com/summary/ca8dd373c09144e7b0a305ff741208ed)
- [ForeFlight Track Log](https://plan.foreflight.com/s/track/74CD89AF-EA43-4237-8936-898570E35DB5)
- [ForeFlight Track Log CSV](./supportData/2021-08-11.foreflight.tracklog.csv)
- [ForeFlight Track Log KML](./supportData/2021-08-11.foreflight.tracklog.kml)
- [ForeFlight Track Log GPX](./supportData/2021-08-11.foreflight.tracklog.gpx)
