# Information
- Date: 2021-08-19
- Time: 15:30
- Expense: $0.00
	- Ground Instruction: $16.80
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 0.3
	- Flight Instruction: $100.80
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 1.8
	- Plane Rental: $248.40
		- Rate: $138.00
		- Time: 1.8
	- Tax: $21.67
- Aircraft:
	- Category: Airplane
	- Classification: Single Engine Land
	- Make: Piper
	- Model: Cherokee Warrior II (PA-28-161)
	- Identification: N43060
	- Hobbs: 
		- Start: 2367.50
		- Stop: 2369.30
	- Tach: 
		- Start: 5179.30
		- Stop: 5180.70
- Points of Departure, En Route and Arrival:
	- From: KJEF
	- Via: [KVER][L0], [KFTT][L1]
	- To: KJEF
- Weather:
	- [Official](http://aviationwxchartsarchive.com/product/metar):
		- METAR: 
			```
			KJEF 191953Z 11008KT 10SM CLR 29/21 A3004 RMK AO2 SLP156 T02890206
			KJEF 192053Z 11005KT 10SM CLR 30/20 A3001 RMK AO2 SLP148 T03000200 58024
			KJEF 192153Z 07005KT 10SM FEW035 31/21 A2998 RMK AO2 SLP139 T03060206
			```
- Covered:
	- Pattern Entry/Exit, Non-Towered Operations, Soft-field
# Lesson Review
***"Let's just go have some fun."***<br />
That's how my CFI started the lesson today. He didn't have any particular plan in mind, he just wanted me to fly the airplane.

So, with "fun" in mind, we departed KJEF's airspace and headed generally northeast toward Booneville's [KVER][L0].<br />
My CFI said he didn't care how I got there or what altitude I was at, so for the altitude, I decided on 4500' (even + 500' since we were on a westerly heading) and for directionality, I decided to use a mix of pilotage and GPS navigation: I set the destination in the GPS, then mostly ignored it, keeping the Missouri river to the right or left of the plane until it took a hard turn to my left in the distance.
> *Note: I **did** use the GPS to gauge my distance for my approach calls and descent planning.*

I began setting up to approach the airport. At this point, I referenced the GPS for an appropriate heading and to see how I would enter the pattern. I decided to overfly the field and see what there was to see.<br />
Taking a hint from the orange sock of wisdom (windsock on the field), I performed a descending right teardrop, maneuvering for a 45° entry into left downwind for runway 36. 

The landing was alright, so we took right back off and headed east - with no real destination in mind. My CFI said "Follow I70 for a bit, then we'll hang a right and go to Fulton" - so we went along I70 at whatever altitude I wanted (3500', since we were on an easterly heading). Along the way, my CFI started talking about a famous Nascar driver (Carl Edwards) that had a farm nearby, so we decided to fly over that and take a look. 
> **Story Time**<br />
I didn't mention this at the time, but I have an odd second-hand connection to that farm.<br />
At a previous job, I worked with a guy that really became a mentor for me - David Ewing. David has since passed away, but about 10 years ago, he came into the office and told me that he had sold a farm.<br />
I don't really follow Nascar, so the buyer he mentioned (Carl Edwards) didn't mean much to me at the time, but it struck me as odd, because I work in the technical field - we're geeks - so I really couldn't picture my geeky Dave as Farmer Dave.

After overflying Mr. Edwards' farmland and pointing out a private grass strip runway on the land, we continued on course for a straight-in approach for runway 12 at [KFTT][L1] - which is a very well maintained grass runway.<br />
We announced our intentions at the appropriate distances, then my CFI talked me through the Soft-field landing procedures - and of course, I messed it all up by landing *way* too firmly.

As we taxied back to the start, my CFI talked me though the takeoff procedure and let me perform that - he then took the controls to show me the appropriate way to land, then we did it again a few times. The last attempt was decent, so we headed back home to KJEF.  Hopefully we'll get some more time to sharpen my skills.
# Last Thoughts
I leaned a couple of things today:
- I'm too serious.
- Flying is a great way to explore.

Regarding the first point:<br >
I guess I don't smile very much when I'm flying. I'm not sure why that is - because I genuinely enjoy flying. Evidently, my CFI reads this as "Matthew isn't having fun"...so I need to work on that a bit.

Regarding the second point:<br />
I've always kind of viewed flying as a way of getting from Point A to Point B - a means to an end, albeit a *really* cool means. I've always loved traveling to different places and writing about the trip - but it's only just occurred to me that earning my wings will start widening my idea of "the trip" to include the actual travel as well. 
> *I know, I know - that sounds <u>really</u> stupid - trips inherently include travel...that was just never my favorite part.*

So, I guess I'm learning to have fun!
# Recap Data
- [ForeFlight Log Entry](https://plan.foreflight.com/summary/488339bfe6d14402b9670e1c8d1ee13d)
- [ForeFlight Track Log](https://plan.foreflight.com/s/track/26F8C3A2-9EB3-42C2-8A46-A10A636A6265)
- [ForeFlight Track Log CSV](./supportData/2021-08-19.foreflight.tracklog.csv)
- [ForeFlight Track Log KML](./supportData/2021-08-19.foreflight.tracklog.kml)
- [ForeFlight Track Log GPX](./supportData/2021-08-19.foreflight.tracklog.gpx)

[L0]: https://www.airnav.com/airport/KVER
[L1]: https://www.airnav.com/airport/KFTT