# Information
- Date: 2021-07-21
- Time: 22:01
- Expense: $387.10
	- Ground Instruction: $16.80
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 0.3
	- Flight Instruction: $100.80
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 1.8
	- Plane Rental: $248.40
		- Rate: $138.00
		- Time: 1.8
	- Tax: $21.10
- Aircraft:
	- Category: Airplane
	- Classification: Single Engine Land
	- Make: Piper
	- Model: Cherokee Warrior II
	- Serial: 28-8016338
	- Identification: N8222F
	- Hobbs: 
		- Start: 6108.10
		- Stop: 6109.90
	- Tach: 
		- Start: 2260.70
		- Stop: 2262.20
- Points of Departure and Arrival:
	- From: KJEF
	- To: KJEF
- Weather:
	- [Official](http://aviationwxchartsarchive.com/product/metar):
		- METAR: 
			```
			KJEF 211753Z VRB03KT 10SM BKN040 29/18 A3013 RMK AO2 SLP188 T02890178 10300 20194 56007
			KJEF 211853Z 35003KT 9SM BKN042 29/18 A3011 RMK AO2 SLP182 T02940183
			KJEF 211953Z 13007KT 8SM BKN043 29/19 A3011 RMK AO2 SLP180 T02940189
			```
- Covered:
	- Normal Landings
# Lesson Review
**If yesterday was a *good* day, then today was a *great* day!**
## Landing
We shot 14 landings today and they were all good - a few were even excellent.

There was a bit of turbulence (welcome to summer in the traffic pattern), but my CFI has been helping to focus on minimizing my control inputs (I have a tendency to over control), so I wasn't all that bothered by it - which makes me feel pretty good. It's an odd thing to be proud of, but I am.

Another thing I'm proud of is how well my landings went today.  I convinced myself that the first smooth landing was a fluke...but then it happened again...and again, etc.!  I'm absolutely convinced that  transferring my eyes to the end of the runway and letting the plane sink naturally has made all of the difference. As I mentioned in the previous entry, this is nothing novel - every CFI tells their students this - and mine has told me this 110 times, I'm sure.

The landing I'm the happiest with was the short final - just because it was weird and I pulled it off pretty well - it was one of the smoother landings, even!
# Last Thoughts
I fear that I'm beginning to sound a little bit braggy, but don't get me wrong - I'm *very* aware that there is tons of room for improvement and that this is only one tiny part of flight...but it feels great to have a second good day in a row!

The best part of today happened after one of my landings. My CFI said "*That* is why I enjoy being a flight instructor." I'm sure he's seen a million eureka moments with his students - but I was happy I was finally able to make him proud. 

Quick little side note:  My CFI told me that the next time we fly, he's probably going go have me do 3 or 4 circuits, then turn me loose on my first solo!
> I know, I know - 30 hours is waaaay too long to take to get to this point - but I think I've finally arrived! As long as the next lesson is as solid as today's, I'll be in pretty good shape.
# Recap Data
- FlightAware Tracking - Unavailable
- FlightAware Tracking Log - Unavailable
- FlightAware Tracking KML - Unavailable
- [ForeFlight Log Entry](https://plan.foreflight.com/summary/79de35263d26447fba9a02345c59b824)
- ForeFlight Track Log - Unavailable
- ForeFlight Track Log CSV - Unavailable
- ForeFlight Track Log KML - Unavailable
- ForeFlight Track Log GPX - Unavailable