# Information
- Date: 2021-07-02
- Time: 18:00
- Expense: $310.32
	- Ground Instruction: $22.40
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 0.4
	- Flight Instruction: $78.40
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 1.4
	- Plane Rental: $193.20
		- Rate: $138.00
		- Time: 1.4
	- Tax: $16.32
- Aircraft:
	- Category: Airplane
	- Classification: Single Engine Land
	- Make: Piper
	- Model: Cherokee Warrior II
	- Serial: 28-8016338
	- Identification: N8222F 
	- Hobbs: 
		- Start: 6051.3
		- Stop: 6052.7
	- Tach: 
		- Start: 2213.3
		- Stop: 2214.5
- Points of Departure and Arrival:
	- From: KJEF
	- To: KJEF
- Weather:
	- [Official](http://aviationwxchartsarchive.com/product/metar):
		- METAR: 
			```
			KJEF 022253Z 00000KT 10SM BKN055 28/17 A3002 RMK AO2 SLP151 T02780172
			KJEF 022353Z 07003KT 10SM CLR 28/17 A3000 RMK AO2 SLP146 T02780167 10294 20267 56017
			```
- Covered:
	- Normal Landings
# Lesson Review
Most of my day was spent in the traffic pattern, so I'm going to fast forward past the Preflight and Takeoff, but we'll take a quick stop in Manuevers, just to tell you about something I learned.
## Manuevers
This is a little out of order, since we did it closer to the end, but my CFI thought it was a good time to discuss entry and departure procedures. This was mostly a review of what I had already heard from listening to him operate the radio and what I learned in Ground School, but it was good for me to actually get to actually practice it (and demonstrate that I had been paying attention).<br />
After a few Touch-and-Gos, my CFI directed me to inform Tower that I was departing to the North East. We continued on course for about 10 miles, climbing to about 2,000MSL before turning back toward the airport, informing Tower that we were inbound from the North East and beginning our descent planning to get back to pattern altitude by the time we entered the downwind leg.<br />
Once we hit the 3 mile indicator, we updated Tower to our location.<br />
We entered at 45° on the downwind leg and proceeded as normal.<br />
Next we did the same thing, but departed to the South West.  On our return journey, we received clearance to enter on base.
## Landing
**'Round and 'Round we went.**
13 landings today - all of which were pretty decent!  There were a couple of what I considered firm landings - but there were also a couple of landings that my CFI said that I "rolled on" - which I was more than pleased to hear!
# Last Thoughts
It was a good day for flying.  The weather was great, everyone was in good spirits and I didn't mess anything up too badly!<br />
I'm not going to say that aiming the spinner directly at the numbers feels "natural" just yet - it's still a very weird sight picture - but I'm starting to feel a bit more confident that I'm not going to smash the little plane into the ground.
# Recap Data
- FlightAware Tracking - Unavailable
- FlightAware Tracking Log - Unavailable
- FlightAware Tracking KML - Unavailable
- [ForeFlight Log Entry](https://plan.foreflight.com/summary/8a3cb3ff29134e379bd31979cdbdfd9e)
- [ForeFlight Track Log](https://plan.foreflight.com/s/track/ED819D92-8A14-4869-904C-28AE051B1095)
- [ForeFlight Track Log CSV](./supportData/2021-07-02.foreflight.tracklog.csv)
- [ForeFlight Track Log KML](./supportData/2021-07-02.foreflight.tracklog.kml)
- [ForeFlight Track Log GPX](./supportData/2021-07-02.foreflight.tracklog.gpx)
- [CloudAhoy Debrief](https://www.cloudahoy.com/debrief/?key=XeayBJ9U8pp9Ew6PM)