# Information
- Date: 2021-08-03
- Time: 10:00
- Expense: $337.06
	- Ground Instruction: $28.00
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 2.0
	- Flight Instruction: $84.00
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 1.5
	- Plane Rental: $207.00
		- Rate: $138.00
		- Time: 1.5
	- Tax: $18.06
- Aircraft:
	- Category: Airplane
	- Classification: Single Engine Land
	- Make: Piper
	- Model: Cherokee Warrior II (PA-28-161)
	- Serial: 28-8316074
	- Identification: N43060
	- Hobbs: 
		- Start: 2653.60
		- Stop: 2655.10
	- Tach: 
		- Start: 5167.50
		- Stop: 5168.80
- Points of Departure and Arrival:
	- From: KJEF
	- To: KJEF
- Weather:
	- [Official](http://aviationwxchartsarchive.com/product/metar):
		- METAR: 
			```
			KJEF 031453Z 00000KT 9SM OVC065 22/16 A3013 RMK AO2 SLP190 T02220161 51009
			KJEF 031553Z 00000KT 9SM OVC070 23/16 A3013 RMK AO2 SLP190 T02280161
			KJEF 031653Z 00000KT 10SM BKN070 OVC090 24/15 A3013 RMK AO2 SLP188 T02390150
			```
- Covered:
	- 1<sup>st</sup> Dual Cross Country
# Lesson Review
**My CFI decided it was time to go on my first Dual Cross Country.**<br />
After a little bit of discussion and review in the office, we headed east out of KJEF's Class D airspace toward Washington Regional Airport (KFYG).  MY CFI told me that he would be running the radios for this trip and I would be handling them for the next Cross Country.

The flight element was really no big deal - a little bumpy at the altitude we chose (3000' MSL), but otherwise pretty standard. The tricky bit was keeping all of the frequency switching straight in my head.<br />
N43060 sports two radios that can monitor 4 frequencies - and my CFI was determined to use all of them simultaneously.

At KJEF, COM1 is generally tuned to Tower (125.6) and COM2 is tuned to Ground (121.7) with the ASOS (133.625) on standby and we flip between them as needed.

Once we left KJEF, Tower cleared us to switch to MIZZU (124.375) to request flight following who provided us a code to squawk.

My CFI anticipated that we would be handed off to Saint Louis (126.5), so after we requested flight following from MIZZU, he tossed the Saint Louis frequency into one of the four slots (I'm lost at this point), then mentioned something about monitoring Guard (121.5), so that frequency was tuned on one of the radios and set to monitor.

MIZZU came back and said that they wouldn't be handing us to Saint Louis, so my CFI flipped the frequencies around to include KFYG's AWOS (122.8) and KFYG's CTAF (122.8).

Once we go close to the airport, things were a bit more normal. I had been exposed to a non-towered airport, so I was familiar with the position and intention updates to CTAF as we entered at 45° to the right downwind, turned base, turned final, performed our touch-and-go, then departed to the west back toward KJEF.

Once we were reestablished on return journey, my CFI contacted MIZZU and let them know our intentions.

From there, it was basically everything in reverse all the way to ramp at KJEF.
# Last Thoughts
It's going to take a bit to get used to all of the procedure around the frequency hopping - but I'll get there in time...because I'm sure I'll want to leave the pattern at KJEF every once in a while!
# Recap Data
- [ForeFlight Log Entry](https://plan.foreflight.com/logbook#/entries?entryId=6ffbcd045079461bb236632eb9d53834)
- [ForeFlight Track Log](https://plan.foreflight.com/tracklogs#/C9875D4A-E6FF-4FB6-B062-8779009273CB)
- [ForeFlight Track Log CSV](./supportData/2021-08-03.foreflight.tracklog.csv)
- [ForeFlight Track Log KML](./supportData/2021-08-03.foreflight.tracklog.kml)
- [ForeFlight Track Log GPX](./supportData/2021-08-03.foreflight.tracklog.gpx)