# Information
- Date: 2021-08-16
- Time: 10:30
- Expense: $0.00
	- Ground Instruction: $16.80
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 0.3
	- Flight Instruction: $89.60
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 1.6
	- Plane Rental: $256.00
		- Rate: $160.00
		- Time: 1.6
	- Tax: $22.34
- Aircraft:
	- Category: Airplane
	- Classification: Single Engine Land
	- Make: Piper
	- Model: Cherokee Archer III (PA-28-181)
	- Identification: N626MA
	- Hobbs: 
		- Start: 3025.50
		- Stop: 3027.10
	- Tach: 
		- Start: 2760.20
		- Stop: 2761.50
- Points of Departure, En Route and Arrival:
	- From: KJEF
	- Via: KFTT, H79
	- To: KJEF
- Weather:
	- [Official](http://aviationwxchartsarchive.com/product/metar):
		- METAR: 
			```
			KJEF 161453Z VRB03KT 10SM CLR 23/18 A3008 RMK AO2 SLP171 T02330178 53008
			KJEF 161553Z 07004KT 10SM CLR 26/18 A3007 RMK AO2 SLP170 T02560183
			KJEF 161653Z 12007KT 10SM CLR 27/16 A3006 RMK AO2 SLP167 T02720161
			KJEF 161753Z 09003KT 10SM FEW042 28/16 A3004 RMK AO2 SLP160 T02780161 10278 20167 58010
			```
- Covered:
	- Pattern Entry/Exit, Non-towered Operations
# Lesson Review
My CFI (John Swan) and another CFI (Chad Grosvenor) swapped students so John could help prepare one of Chad's students (Chandler) for her first solo. John had filled Chad in on where I was in my training and where I needed improvement - so based on that information, Chad decided that we should go out and practice Non-towered airport operations. We headed northeast out of KJEF toward KFTT. The trip there was pretty uneventful and I've done it a few time before, so there isn't much to mention other than that I didn't hit the big towers along the route!

As we approached the airport, I called up the CTAF frequency and began monitoring it for traffic, then made my approach call at 10nm. Chad pulled up an area map of KFTT in ForeFlight on his iPad and asked me how I would approach our desired runway (determined from the weather in ForeFlight).<br />
I don't know about you, but when I hear someone utter a phrase like, *"I'm going to overfly the field, pull a descending teardrop, maneuvering for a 45° entry into the left downwind for runway 18"* I can't help but assume they are the coolest person in the entire world.<br />
I mean - it sounds pretty impressive, right?  Well - it might have been if I had paid attention to the map orientation. My planned approach would have worked beautifully had we been approaching from an entirely different direction. In this case, the approach entry was just to swing it a bit wide and slide right into the downwind at 45°.  So we did just that.

Chad decided that our next stop was Eldon, so we departed to the southwest toward H79.<br />
This was basically the same thing over again: making approach calls at 10nm, 5nm and 3nm; then intent calls while in the pattern. The single runway is not in the greatest shape and is very narrow, so I set the plane down quite a bit harder then I would have liked - to the point that I felt it was necessary to do a go-around at the last minute. Chad praised my judgement call, so it wasn't all bad, I guess
> *I'm not naive - I know he was just being nice and not wanting me to feel bad about the botched landing!*

After all was said and done, we headed back to KJEF and called it a day!
# Last Thoughts
**It was a constructive day**

I had a few personal focus areas today:
- Actually seeing the airport in the distance
	- For whatever reason, this is hard for me
- Determining Pattern Entry
- Sharpening my non-towered airport communications

I feel like today was good practice for all of those things - I'm not going to say I have them all sorted, but I am much closer to it. Chad pointed out a few things that I could improve on on, so I'll keep working on it!
# Recap Data
- [ForeFlight Log Entry](https://plan.foreflight.com/summary/58c199c4e62648399e6159fb1295f864)
- ForeFlight Track Log - Unavailable
- ForeFlight Track Log CSV - Unavailable
- ForeFlight Track Log KML - Unavailable
- ForeFlight Track Log GPX - Unavailable