# Information
- Date: 2021-06-16
- Time: 15:30
- Expense: $284.65
	- Ground Instruction: .00
		- Rate: .00
		- Time: 0.0
	- Flight Instruction: $89.60
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 1.6
	- Plane Rental: $179.40
		- Rate: $138.00
		- Time: 1.3
	- Tax: $15.65
- Aircraft:
	- Category: Airplane
	- Classification: Single Engine Land
	- Make: Piper
	- Model: Cherokee Warrior II
	- Serial: 28-8016338
	- Identification: N8222F
	- Hobbs: 
		- Start: 60008.6
		- Stop:  6009.9
	- Tach: 
		- Start: 2176.3
		- Stop: 2177.5
- Points of Departure and Arrival:
	- From: KJEF
	- To: KJEF
- Weather:
	- [Official](http://aviationwxchartsarchive.com/product/metar):
		- METAR: 
			```
			KJEF 161953Z 06005KT 10SM CLR 33/09 A3003 RMK AO2 SLP154 T03280094
			KJEF 162053Z VRB04KT 10SM CLR 33/10 A3001 RMK AO2 SLP148 T03330100 57013
			KJEF 162153Z 24006KT 10SM CLR 33/11 A3000 RMK AO2 SLP143 T03330106
			```
	- [Observed](https://www.wunderground.com/history/daily/us/mo/columbia/KJEF/):
		- Wind: 5kt from 60
		- Clouds: Clear
		- Precipitation: 0.0
		- Temperature: 91
		- Humidity: 23%
		- Dew Point: 49
		- Pressure: 30.03
		- Visibility: 10sm
- Covered:
	- 
# Lesson Review
I'm going to fast forward through the preflight, takeoff and manuevers, since they were all about the same as yesterday - no real changes.<br />
I did Slow Flight, Stalls, S-Turns and Turns around a Point.
## Landing
This part needs to be discussed.<br />
Of the 7 landings we shot today, 6 were good - the last was aborted because I made a big mistake.<br />
I was coming in a bit high, but was getting to the point of the round-out, so I was already beginning my flare - but then I went too far and pulled the power as well.

I heard the phrase, "My plane", and I relinquished the controls. 
>***Not a great feeling.***<br />If there is such a thing as a 'vote of no confidence' in flight school, this is it. I understand I'm still a student, but man - this one stung a bit.

It was our last landing any, so my CFI went ahead and put the plane down and I taxied us back to parking. On the way back, he said that he should that it was a bit of a lost learning opportunity and he should have made me do a go-around instead.

I questioned him a bit on what would have happened had he allowed me to continue and he told me that it would have been a pretty hard landing - maybe not to the point of breaking anything, but hard nonetheless.
# Last Thoughts
My CFI assures me that I'm right where I need to be in my training - but it really doesn't feel like it sometimes. I know that in most situations, I'm overly critical - but flight (specifically this portion) is something that I don't feel like I can afford to be sub-par on.<br />
There is supposed to be a moment where "it just clicks", and I am *anxiously* awaiting its arrival.
# Recap Data
- FlightAware Tracking - Unavailable
- FlightAware Tracking Log - Unavailable
- FlightAware Tracking KML - Unavailable
- [ForeFlight Log Entry](https://plan.foreflight.com/summary/110a4d7d7a45424ca4ac455592cc8eb7)
- [ForeFlight Track Log](https://plan.foreflight.com/s/track/BC333DCD-5364-480A-8027-8C7DFD4E4476)
- [ForeFlight Track Log CSV](./supportData/2021-06-16.foreflight.tracklog.csv)
- [ForeFlight Track Log KML](./supportData/2021-06-16.foreflight.tracklog.kml)
- [ForeFlight Track Log GPX](./supportData/2021-06-16.foreflight.tracklog.gpx)
- [CloudAhoy Debrief](https://www.cloudahoy.com/debrief/?key=PTF8bepJlBmN8qQeH8)