# Information
- Date: 2021-06-17
- Time: 15:30
- Expense: $325.86
	- Ground Instruction: .00
		- Rate: .00
		- Time: 0.0
	- Flight Instruction: $100.80
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 1.8
	- Plane Rental: $207.00
		- Rate: $138.00
		- Time: 1.3
	- Tax: $18.06
- Aircraft:
	- Category: Airplane
	- Classification: Single Engine Land
	- Make: Piper
	- Model: Cherokee Warrior II
	- Serial: 28-8016338
	- Identification: N8222F
	- Hobbs: 
		- Start: 6014.2
		- Stop: 6015.7
	- Tach: 
		- Start: 2181.0
		- Stop: 2182.4
- Points of Departure and Arrival:
	- From: KJEF
	- To: KJEF
- Weather:
	- [Official](http://aviationwxchartsarchive.com/product/metar):
		- METAR: 
			```
			KJEF 171953Z 25006KT 10SM CLR 36/20 A2988 RMK AO2 SLP102 T03560200
			KJEF 172053Z 27006KT 10SM CLR 36/21 A2987 RMK AO2 SLP099 T03610211 56012
			KJEF 172153Z 25007KT 210V290 10SM CLR 37/20 A2987 RMK AO2 SLP099 T03670200
			```
	- [Observed](https://www.wunderground.com/history/daily/us/mo/columbia/KJEF/):
		- Wind: 6kts from 250
		- Clouds: Clear
		- Precipitation: 0.0
		- Temperature: 96
		- Humidity: 40
		- Dew Point: 68
		- Pressure: 29.88
		- Visibility: 10sm
- Covered:
	- Slow Flight, Stalls, S-Turns, Turns around a Point, Crosswind Landings
# Lesson Review
## Preflight
Nothing to report here!
## Takeoff
There was around an 8kt crosswind today, so I had to apply a bit of aileron correction during the takeoff.
## Manuevers
I'm getting better at remembering the setup steps for each of the manuevers - probably still not where I need to be, but I'm getting closer.
> Note: I'm still in the habit of talking through the manuever before performing it to give my CFI a chance to correct an inaccuracy. Hopefully soon I'll be confident enough to not have to do this.
> 
I aligned to North, performed a 360 degree clearing turn, then set up for manuevers. 
### Slow Flight
This was pretty straight forward:
- Reduced power to 1500RPM and held altitude
- Waited for V<sub>FE</sub> and extended flaps to 40 degrees at half second interval
- Pitched for 55kts
- As I approached rotation speed, I set the power to around 2000RPM
- Once I settled into a good attitude, I set the trim
- I executed turns to East and West
### Stalls
Since we were already in slow flight, we went straight into a power off stall:
- I pitched to a landing attitude and established a decent
- I reduced power to idle
- I pitched nose up and attempted to hold altitude, waiting for the stall indicator
- Once the stall indicator sounded, I pitched the nose to the horizon and set the power to full
- I retracted the flaps as the airspeed began to build

Next was a power on stall:
- I reduced the power to 1500RPM and and waited until we approached rotation speed
- When we reached rotation, I set the power to full
- I pitched the nose up into a climb attitude and waiting for the stall indicator
- At stall, I lowered the nose to the horizon and waited for airspeed to begin building
### Steep Turns
I struggled a bit here for some reason.

My CFI told me that most people struggled to get enough bank angle in, but I was over banking and not applying enough back pressure to counter.  I ended up having to roll out of my first turn and try again.
### S-Turns
I tried this about 3 times, with the last being my best.

Again, I was putting a bit too much bank angle in - so, I came up short of the wings-level point.
### Turns around a Point
This went pretty well - I cut in a bit close on the upwind side, but had it corrected by the time we got to the downwind side.
## Landing
We did 4 Landings  before we ran out of time, so that meant 3 Touch and Gos.

A couple of things to mention here:
- There was a bit of wind across the runway, so I learned a bit more about crosswind correction
- I am still struggling with the transition into the roundout

Regarding that last point - my CFI tells me that my approaches are good, but I need to get deeper into the roundout and not be scared of the runway, so I'm going to focus on that a bit next time.
# Last Thoughts
*I'm still enjoying my training.*

Even though there are frustrating elements, sometimes I feel like I'm not cut out for aviation and it is ridiculously expensive - it's still fun to be in the air.  My hope is that by the end of this phase of my flight career I'll start seeing opportunities that will keep me in practice and still be enjoyable - like the "$100 burgers" or fly-in events to attend.
# Recap Data
- FlightAware Tracking - Unavailable
- FlightAware Tracking Log - Unavailable
- FlightAware Tracking KML - Unavailable
- [ForeFlight Log Entry](https://plan.foreflight.com/summary/58f9e969453643f2b52512985409d8ba)
- [ForeFlight Track Log](https://plan.foreflight.com/s/track/8FBC778D-FFB2-422B-A66D-1A547C9709CD)
- [ForeFlight Track Log CSV](./supportData/2021-06-17.foreflight.tracklog.csv)
- [ForeFlight Track Log KML](./supportData/2021-06-17.foreflight.tracklog.kml)
- [ForeFlight Track Log GPX](./supportData/2021-06-17.foreflight.tracklog.gpx)
- [CloudAhoy Debrief](https://www.cloudahoy.com/debrief/?key=GqbNEcqkMkYvcG2g)