# Information
- Date: 2021-07-19
- Time: 13:00
- Expense: .00
	- Ground Instruction: $16.80
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 0.3
	- Flight Instruction: $56.00
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 1.0
	- Plane Rental: $138.00
		- Rate: $138.00
		- Time: 1.0
	- Tax: .00
- Aircraft:
	- Category: Airplane
	- Classification: Single Engine Land
	- Make: Piper
	- Model: Cherokee Warrior II
	- Serial: 28-8016338
	- Identification: N8222F
	- Hobbs: 
		- Start: 6101.1
		- Stop: 6102.1
	- Tach: 
		- Start: 2255.0
		- Stop: 2255.9
- Points of Departure and Arrival:
	- From: KJEF
	- To: KJEF
- Weather:
	- [Official](http://aviationwxchartsarchive.com/product/metar):
		- METAR: 
			```
			KJEF 191753Z 08006KT 10SM FEW042 SCT075 SCT100 28/19 A3014 RMK AO2 SLP191 6//// T02830194 10283 20206
			KJEF 191853Z VRB03KT 10SM SCT039 29/19 A3012 RMK AO2 SLP186 T02890189
			KJEF 191953Z VRB04KT 10SM FEW042 SCT048 SCT070 29/19 A3010 RMK AO2 SLP180 T02940194
			```
- Covered:
	- Normal Landings
# Lesson Review
Today was not great.

My CFI started the lesson by saying "You know what to do. I'm just going to keep quiet unless something goes wrong."  That's a *really* good hint that a solo is imminent. You would think that after hearing that, my mind would have gone to the procedures and checklists - but no...my brain immediately said, "Dang, I like this shirt."
## Landing
I was feeling good, thinking I was going to prove to my CFI that I *was* a pilot and anyone who thought otherwise could stand idly by and watch as I soared into the heavens.
> Okay, lets be realistic - this is a Piper Warrior...we aren't going to be **soaring** anywhere. "Buzzing about" is a better way to phrase that, perhaps.

Anyway, my pattern work is pretty solid, so there isn't much to say there...but the last little bit of the circuit - that's where it all counts.<br />
In the 1 hour we were in motion, we went around the pattern 8 times...and only ***one*** of those landings was anywhere near acceptable.<br />
Other than everything, I'm not sure what went wrong.  I bounced a couple, over-flaired a couple and just plain ruined the rest.
# Last Thoughts
**For whatever reason, I'm a numbers guy.**
I've never been good at mathematics, so I'm not sure why I like them so much...but a metric just speaks to me.<br />
Today's metrics are telling me a story - and it's one that I don't want to hear:

*Maybe I'm not meant to be a pilot.*

Saying that absolutely breaks my heart.  I thought for sure this was going to be that *one* really cool thing that I would know how to do.<br />
I know, I know - landing is supposed to be the trickiest part of flying...but with 26.3 hours and 149 landings logged, I should be able to make a smooth touchdown occasionally - and that just isn't happening.

I've read article after article and watched an endless number of videos - and they all wave their pom-poms around and say things like "Never give up!" and "You can do it, tiger!" in that annoyingly optimistic tone.<br />
I know that if you do a thing enough times, there is a decent chance that you'll start getting good at it - but generally the afore mentioned things don't cost $200/hr and put multiple people's lives at risk. I need to start weighing the costs and benefits here.

All of that whining aside, I have another lesson planned for tomorrow.  Hopefully I'll reverse my entire attitude and things will start clicking.
# Recap Data
- FlightAware Tracking - Unavailable
- FlightAware Tracking Log - Unavailable
- FlightAware Tracking KML - Unavailable
- [ForeFlight Log Entry](https://plan.foreflight.com/summary/c754ae1ab66e461db826e76347be0323)
- [ForeFlight Track Log](https://plan.foreflight.com/s/track/8ADA9D69-7DCF-4F96-8BB7-FF18DEA377FE)
- [ForeFlight Track Log CSV](./supportData/2021-07-19.foreflight.tracklog.csv)
- [ForeFlight Track Log KML](./supportData/2021-07-19.foreflight.tracklog.kml)
- [ForeFlight Track Log GPX](./supportData/2021-07-19.foreflight.tracklog.gpx)