# Information
- Date: 2021-08-12
- Time: 08:00
- Expense: $354.07
	- Ground Instruction: $16.80
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 0.3
	- Flight Instruction: $67.20
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 1.2
	- Plane Rental: $248.40
		- Rate: $138.00
		- Time: 1.8
	- Tax: $21.67
- Aircraft:
	- Category: Airplane
	- Classification: Single Engine Land
	- Make: Piper
	- Model: Cherokee Warrior II (PA-28-161)
	- Identification: N8222F
	- Hobbs: 
		- Start: 6162.9
		- Stop: 6164.0
	- Tach: 
		- Start: 2305.6
		- Stop: 2306.5
- Points of Departure, En Route and Arrival:
	- From: KJEF
	- Via: KFTT, KCOU
	- To: KJEF
- Weather:
	- [Official](http://aviationwxchartsarchive.com/product/metar):
		- METAR: 
			```
			KJEF 121253Z 00000KT 10SM CLR 27/20 A2999 RMK AO2 SLP141 T02670200
			KJEF 121353Z VRB04KT 10SM CLR 28/21 A3000 RMK AO2 SLP145 T02830206
			KJEF 121453Z 22009G15KT 10SM CLR 30/21 A2999 RMK AO2 SLP141 T03000211 50006
			```
- Covered:
	- Pattern Entry/Exit Procedures
# Lesson Review
Today was basically a carbon copy of yesterday - except with less crosswind.<br />
My solo was filled with decently smooth landings and even a Go-around due to a coyote on the runway! That wasn't something I was expecting to hear over the radio.

For my lesson, my CFI sent us up to KFTT again, then onto a new airport for me: Columbia's KCOU.<br />
We did a few Touch-and-Gos at KFTT - one of which my CFI wasn't pleased with.  I'm ashamed to say that I didn't see what was wrong with the landing when it was happening, but my CFI said I forced the landing when I should have gone around. I did end up further down the runway than was usual, but the landing ended up being decent. I'll have to watch for the signs next time.

The next waypoint was KCOU. The runway is long and wide, so there wasn't much excitement on this one - which is a good thing!  We pulled a single Touch-and-Go, then headed back to Jefferson City.
# Last Thoughts
While my entries into the airport patterns were better today, the disappointing landing was just that - disappointing. I'm not sure if having my CFI in the plane makes me nervous and I'm trying to perform, or what is happening - but I need to get it sorted out. Time spent in sessons at this point in my training can't be wasted - I'm getting closer and closer to a checkride.
# Recap Data
- [ForeFlight Log Entry](https://plan.foreflight.com/summary/3edc13a6b0cb4f1dbc017e43dd951ef8)
- [ForeFlight Track Log](https://plan.foreflight.com/s/track/0486EF7B-BC24-4F77-9488-023285F34925)
- [ForeFlight Track Log CSV](./supportData/2021-08-12.foreflight.tracklog.csv)
- [ForeFlight Track Log KML](./supportData/2021-08-12.foreflight.tracklog.kml)
- [ForeFlight Track Log GPX](./supportData/2021-08-12.foreflight.tracklog.gpx)
