# Information
- Date: 2021-07-20
- Time: 15:30
- Expense: $3.5/26
	- Ground Instruction: $16.80
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 0.3
	- Flight Instruction: $78.40
		- Rate: $56.00
		- Time: 1.4
	- Plane Rental: $193.20
		- Rate: $138.00
		- Time: 1.4
	- Tax: $16.86
- Aircraft:
	- Category: Airplane
	- Classification: Single Engine Land
	- Make: Piper
	- Model: Cherokee Warrior II
	- Serial: 28-8316074
	- Identification: N43060
	- Hobbs: 
		- Start: 2289.0
		- Stop: 2290.4
	- Tach: 
		- Start: 5114.3
		- Stop: 5115.4
- Points of Departure and Arrival:
	- From: KJEF
	- To: KJEF
- Weather:
	- [Official](http://aviationwxchartsarchive.com/product/metar):
		- METAR: 
			```
			KJEF 201953Z 05008KT 360V080 10SM SCT045 BKN075 30/18 A3008 RMK AO2 SLP172 T03000178
			KJEF 202053Z 36006KT 10SM BKN050 31/17 A3006 RMK AO2 SLP166 T03060172 56019
			KJEF 202153Z 02006KT 10SM FEW050 30/17 A3006 RMK AO2 SLP165 T03000172
			```
- Covered:
	- Normal Landings
# Lesson Review
Landings, landings and more landings!  I'll get right to it.
## Landing
As is the norm these days, my CFI and I spent lots of time buzzing around the traffic pattern trying to perfect my landings.

I'm not going to use the word "breakthrough", because we're not there yet - but I think the word "realization" is maybe appropriate.

After a couple of decent landings, my CFI took the yoke, performed an extremely tight pattern and set me up for another landing.  He said I didn't need time in the pattern - I needed time at the threshold.  So - he got to pull some fun maneuvers and I got to land more often.

We went 12 times around the pattern and probably 10 of the landings were what I would call good.  A few were a little firm, but the rest were solidly good landings, and I'm proud of that.  It's taken entirely too long for me to get it.
# Last Thoughts
I'm happy with today.  My CFI is happy with today.  It's a good day.

If you read my last entry, you'll remember that I was extremely frustrated with the way things were **not** progressing for me - to the point of me starting to really consider taking some time off and thinking about my aviation future.

Well, the landing light has come on...and I'm so relieved!  I don't know what it was, but it finally just clicked - now I just hope it stays clicky for tomorrow's lesson.
# Recap Data
- FlightAware Tracking - Unavailable
- FlightAware Tracking Log - Unavailable
- FlightAware Tracking KML - Unavailable
- [ForeFlight Log Entry](https://plan.foreflight.com/logbook#/entries?entryId=380673b173b945ebaf1d051060877860)
- [ForeFlight Track Log](https://plan.foreflight.com/tracklogs#/8ADA9D69-7DCF-4F96-8BB7-FF18DEA377FE)
- [ForeFlight Track Log CSV](./supportData/2021-07-20.foreflight.tracklog.csv)
- [ForeFlight Track Log KML](./supportData/2021-07-20.foreflight.tracklog.kml)
- [ForeFlight Track Log GPX](./supportData/2021-07-20.foreflight.tracklog.gpx)